Tell me whatcha gonna do now,
Tell me what when there ain't nowhere to run
When judgment comes for you, when judgement comes for you?

And whatcha gonna do now, tell me what
When there ain't nowhere to hide
When judgement comes for you, 'cause it's gonna come for you?

Let's all bring it in for Wally, Eazy, C's Uncle Charlie, Little Boo
God's got 'em and I'm gonna miss everybody
I done roll with flows my 
Looked at him while he lay when playin' with destiny

Play too deep for me to say little Layzie came to me
Told me if he should decease well then
Please bury me by my gran, gran and when you can, come follow me

God bless you workin' on a plan to heaven
Follow the Lord all twenty four seven days
God is who we praise, even though the devil's all up in my face
But he's keepin' me safe and in my place
Say grace to engage the race without a chance

To face the Judge sayin' again my soul won't budge
Grudge because there's no mercy for thugs
Ooh, what can I do? It's all about a family
And how we roll can I get a witness? Let it unfold
We livin' our lives to eternal our souls a-oh, a-oh

Hey and we pray and we pray and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday and we pray
And we pray and we pray and we pray, still we lay
Now, follow me, roll, stroll, whether it's hell or it's heaven

Come, let us go take a visit to the people that's long gone
Their rest, Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
It's steady creepin' up on my family
Exactly how many days we got lastin'? While you laughin'

We're passin' passin' away now, rest y'all souls
'Cause I know I'm a meet you up at the crossroad
Y'all know, you forever got love from them Bone thugs, baby

Little Eazy's long gone really wish he could come home
But when it's time to die, gotta go bye, bye
All a little thug could do is cry, cry
Why'd they kill my dog? Damn, man, I miss my uncle Charles

Y'all and he shouldn't be gone in front of his home
What they did to Boo was wrong oh, so wrong, so wrong
Gotta hold on gotta stay strong
When the day comes, better believe Bone gotta shoulder, you can lean on

Hey, and we pray and we pray and we pray and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday, and we pray
And we pray and we pray and we pray everyday
Everyday, everyday, everyday, see you at the crossroads, crossroads
Crossroads, crossroads so you won't be lonely

And I'm gonna miss everybody long gone
Livin' in a hateful world send me straight to heaven, that's how we roll
And I'm askin' the good Lord, "Why?"
And sigh he told me we lived to die

What's up with that murder, y'all? See my little cousin was hung
Somebody, really wrong everybody want to test this dog,
And Ms. Sleazy set up Eazy to fall you know why we sinnin'?
And Krayzie intendin' on endin' it when it ends murder come again
Again and again now, tell me whatcha gonna do?

Can somebody, anybody tell me why, hey, can somebody
Anybody tell me why we die, we die?
I don't wanna die oh, so wrong, so wrong, so wrong
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
Crossroads so you won't be lonely


Read more: BONE THUGS N HARMONY - THA CROSSROADS LYRICS