Hey don't miss out on what your passin 
You're missin the hoota of the funky Buddha 
Eluder or the fucked up styles to get wicked 
So come on as cypress starts to kick it 
'cause we're like the outlaw stridin 
Suckers are hidein 
Jump behind the bush when they see me driving 
by 
Hangin out my window 
And my magnum takin out some puto's 
Acting kinda loco 
I'm just another local 
Kid from from the street getting paid for my 
vocals 
 Here is something you can't understand 
 How I could just kill a man 

Chorus: repeat 4X 

 Here is something you can't understand  
 How I could just kill a man 



 

I been doin' all the dumb shit, 
yo, because I bet it's comin' from it 
I'm not gonna waste no time, 
fuckin' around like I got ya hummin 
Hummin'... comin' at cha... 
And you know I had to gat ya. 

 

Time for some action, just a fraction of friction 
I got the clearance to run the interference 
into your sattelite, shinin a battle light, 
swing out the gat, and I know that will gat ya right. 
Here's an example, just a little sample. 
How I could just kill a man! 
One-time tried to come in my home, 
take my chrome, I said "Yo, it's on. 
Take cover son, or you're ass-out. 
How you like my chrome?", then I watched the rookie pass out. 
Didn't have to blast him, but I did anyway... 
Hahaha... that young punk had to pay. 
So I just killed a man! 

It's gonna be a long time before I finish 
one of the many missions that I have to establish 
To light my spliff, ignite ya with these sights 
and if you ain't down: bullshit! 
Say some punk try to get you for your auto, 
Would you call the one-time, play the role model? 
No, I think you play like a thug 
Next hear the shot of a magnum slug 
Hummin', comin' at cha 
yeah ya know I'm gonna gat ya 
How you know where I'm at when you haven't been where I've been,
understand where I'm coming from. 
When you're up on the hill, in your big home 
I'm out here, risking my dome. 
Just for a bucket, or a fast ducat 
just to stay alive, aiyyo I gotta say "fuck it". 
 Here is something you can't understand 
 How I could just kill a man 