

We used to be number 10 
Now we're permanent one, 
In the battle lost my finger, Mic became my arm 
Pistol nozzle hits your nasal, blood becomes lukewarm 
Tell the woman be easy Naah squeeze the Charmin 
Test Wyclef, see death flesh get scorned. 
Beat you so bad make you feel like you ain't wanna be born 
And tell your friends stay the hell out of my lawn. 
Chicken George became Dead George stealin' chickens from my farm. 
Damn, Another dead pigeon 
If your mafiosos then I'm bringin' on Haitian Sicilians 
Nobody's shootin', my body's made of hand grenade 
Girl bled to death while she was tongue-kissing a razor blade. 
That sounds sick maybe one eday I'll write a horror 
Blackula comes to the ghetto, jacks an ACURA 
Stevie Wonder sees Crack Babies Be-Coming Enemies of their own families. 
What's going on? 
Armageddon come you know we soon done 
Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump 
A boy on the side of Babylon, trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion. 

 
Oooh La La La, It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang 
Oooh La La La, It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring 
Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing 


Yeah in saloons we drink Boone's and battle goons till high noon, 
Bust rap toons on flat spoons, take no shorts like poon poon's. 
See hoochies pop coochies, for Gucci's and Lucci 
Find me in my Mitsubishi, eatin' sushi, bumpin' Fugees. 
Hey Hey Hey 
Try to take the crew and we don't play play 
Say say say 
Like Paul McCartney, not hardly, 
ODD-ly enough 
I can see right through your bluff 
Niggas huff and they puff but they can't handle us, WE BUST 
Cause we fortified, I could never hide, seen "Cooley High", Cried when Cochise died. 
I'm twisted, black-listed by some other negroes, 
Don't remove my Polos on the first episode. 
Ha Ha Ha Ha, You shouldn't diss refugees, and 
Ha Ha Ha Ha, You whole sound set's bootie , and 
Ha Ha Ha Ha, You have to respect JERSEY, cause I'm superfly when I'm super-high on 
the Fu-Gee-La. 


Oooh La La La, It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang 
Oooh La La La, It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring 
Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing 


I sit 90 degrees underneath palm trees, 
Smokin' beadies as I burn my calories, 
Brooklyn roof tops become Brooklyn tee-pees, 
Who that be, enemies, wanna see the death of me. 
From Hawaii to Hawthorne, I run marathons, like 
Buju Banton, I'm a true champion, like, 
Farakkhan reads his Daily Qu'ran it's a phenomenon, lyrics fast like Ramadan. 


What's goin' on 
Armageddon come you know we soon done 
Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump 
A boy on the side of Babylon, trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion. 


Oooh La La La, It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang 
Oooh La La La, It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring 
Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing

